Beginning analytical thoughts regarding Meat sales during COVID as well as Beverage sales.

I would recommend, should a second COVID wave and lockdown seem imminent, to stock up on fresh meat. Meat, especially beef, had a deep drop in between May & June due to meat plants closing or lowering production, which in turn caused price to rise and stock to dwindle. Super markets were limiting the amount of fresh meat that customers could purchase and were also just out of stock of certain items.
Meat packing and processing plants have implemented new policies to try to prevent this happening again, but just in case, my recommendation is to stock up on meat if that is important in your diet.
Chicken sales did not seem to struggle much at all during this time, so I would focus stocking efforts on Pork and especially Beef.

Regarding beverages, the spike in alcohol sales was no real surprise, but the spike in Coffee & Tea sales as well as the drop to Soda/Mineral Water/Juice sales were unexpected, to me at least.
At home coffee & tea sales spiking and staying significantly higher than 2019 does make sense with a lot of the population moving to working from home as well as coffee shops being harder to access during quarantine. There was also never an actual shortage, although I did notice instant coffee being out of stock for awhile in my personal experience(thanks tiktok). That said, even before COVID, a coffee shortage was expected sometime soon as demand outpaced what is being harvested, so I would recommend possibly stocking up a bit before a second wave hits in case the shortage finally rears its ugly head or prices spike.
Tea is also expected to have a shortage soon, as COVID lockdowns and restrictions caused many of the main exporters of tea to struggle with harvesting/processing the tea. It may not be a bad idea to stock up should supply dwindle going into another lockdown.
I expected Soda/Mineral Water/Juice sales to stay high, due to people being home more and kids not going back to physical school, but it dipped below even 2019 levels for most of 2020. We theorize that this is likely due to people becoming motivated to become healthier while in quarantine and avoiding having sugary drinks around. We also saw a similar trend in the sugary snacks/treats data that would lend support to this theory.